Update Docs (#1528)
kanisterio/kanister: docs/tutorial.rst

previous action set can be cumbersome. In situations like this, it is
useful to instead use ``kanctl``. To learn how to leverage ``kanctl`` to
create action sets, see :ref:`architecture` .

Next Step
=========

> Congratulation! You have reached the end of this long tutorial! 🎉🎉🥳🥳
> 
> Don't stop here. There are many more example blueprints on the Kanister GitHub
> `repository <https://github.com/kanisterio/kanister/tree/master/examples>`_
> to explore. Use them to help you define your next blueprint.
> 
> You would love to hear from you. If you have any feedback or questions, find us
> on Slack at `kanisterio.slack.com <https://kanisterio.slack.com>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Congratulations! You have reached the end of this long tutorial! 🎉🎉🥳🥳

Don't stop here. There are many more example blueprints on the Kanister GitHub
`repository <https://github.com/kanisterio/kanister/tree/master/examples>`_
to explore. Use them to help you define your next blueprint.

We would love to hear from you. If you have any feedback or questions, find us
on Slack at `kanisterio.slack.com <https://kanisterio.slack.com>`_.
```
